docs(guide): add WebSockets to requirements (#3697)
cdr/code-server: docs/guide.md

You can use whatever linux distribution floats your boat but in this guide we assume Debian on Google Cloud.

> In order to work properly, your enviornment should have the following enabled:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to work properly, your environment should have the following enabled:
```

> - WebSockets (used to communicate between code-server client and server)

Reviewer 2: Since there's one requirement, it reads a bit weird being a list. Something like:

```
WebSocket's are required to use code-server.
```

Reviewer: I guess the rationale for a list is that we're probably going to add more here later?

Perhaps:

```suggestion
* WebSockets, which code-server uses to communicate between the browser and server
```

Author: Yeah, I'll change to one line instead of a list though!
